# **What are some build automation tools?**

 ## Here are some:
#### 1) Jenkins.
#### 2) Maven.
#### 3) Gradle.
#### 4) Travis CI.
#### 5) Bamboo.
#### 6) CircleCI.
#### 7) TeamCity.


 
 # **What are the expected benefits of build automation?**

 #### --> It deliver greater energy efficiency, lower operating and maintenance costs, better indoor air quality, greater occupant comfort, and productivity.



# **What are the challenges and problems with implementing build automation?**

#### * Unrealistic Expectations for Automated Testing. ...
#### * Using Wrong Tools. ...
#### * Automating useless tests and neglecting the important test cases. ...
#### * Choosing the wrong testing time. ...
#### * Lack of Proper Testing.




# **What are some test automation tools?**
 
 ### Some of the test automation tools are: 
  ####  The Katalon Platform · Selenium · Appium · TestComplete · Cypress · Ranorex Studio · Perfecto.


  []

 

# **What are the expected benefits of test automation?**

### Expected benefits are: 

#### 1) Faster feedback.
#### 2) Increased coverage.
#### 3) Reduced testing fatigue.
#### 4) Faster bug discovery.
#### 5) Improved risk mitigation.
#### 6) More efficient software and app testing.
#### 7)Better manual testing.            



# **What are the challenges and problems with implementing test automaton?**

### Some of the problems and challeneges are: 

#### --> Test Case Prioritization.
#### --> Communication and Collaboration.
#### --> Finding the right Testing Framework or Tool.
#### --> Taking Real User Conditions into Account.
#### --> Finding the right skills.

# **What are some deployment automation tools?**


### The top best automation tools are

#### 1)The Katalon Platform.
#### 2)Selenium.
#### 3)Appium.
#### 4)TestComplete.
#### 5)Cypress.
#### 6)Ranorex Studio.
#### 7)Perfecto

# **What are the expected benefits of deployment automation?**

#### --> Anyone can deploy.
#### --> Faster, more efficient deployment.
#### --> Increased productivity.
#### --> Fewer errors.
#### -->  frequent releases.
#### --> mmediate feedback.



# What are the challenges and problems with implementing deployment automation?

#### 1) Prioritizing which processes to automate with code
#### 2) Store code for CI/CD in the right place
#### 3) Which deployment path is best
#### 4) Avoid single, broad pipelines
#### 5) Pick the right combination of CI/CD tools


